Sauce: 1T sesame oil 3 cloves of minced garlic 1T ground ginger 1/2C hoisin sauce (find it in the Asian section) 1/4C rice vinegar 1/4C tamari 1 disk of palm sugar (I buy it at an Asian market. If you can't find it you can substitute with 4T of brown sugar) 1t crushed red pepper 2T corn starch 1 1/2C water
Fried Cauliflower: 1 head cauliflower (cut into bite size pieces) 1 1/4C garbanzo flour 1C corn starch 1T garlic powder 1T ground ginger 3T sesame seeds 1t crushed red pepper 1C water
Rice: You should know how to make this.
Prepare Cauliflower: In medium sized bowl combine 1C garbanzo flour, corn starch, garlic powder, ginger, sesame seeds, crushed red pepper and mix it together nicely. Add water and stir it together to make a nice batter. I use a 1 gallon zip lock freezer bag for this next step, but I'm sure you can use a large bowl. Place cauliflower pieces into freezer bag and pour in the batter. Zip the bag tight and start shaking. Make sure all the cauliflower is coated. Open the bag and add the remaining 1/4C garbanzo flour and shake it up again. This step makes it easier to fry the cauliflower.
Preheat deep fryer to 375 degrees.
Right about now you should start to prepare the sauce: In medium sauce pan add sesame oil and garlic. Sauté on medium heat for a couple minutes until your kitchen starts to smell amazing. Add ground ginger, hoisin sauce, rice vinegar, tamari, palm sugar, crushed red pepper. Stir and let it all come to a slow boil. In a small bowl add corn starch and 1/2C water. Mix it completely, then add the remaining water to the corn starch. (this prevents lumps). Pour corn starch water mixture into bubbling sauce mixture. Keep it bubbling on low high whisking often. It will thicken slightly.
Now back to the cauliflower. I have a small fryer so I fry the cauliflower in 2 batches. Drop the cauliflower into the fry basket and fry until golden brown. 10 - 12 minutes or so. Once you've got a nice golden color pull them out and throw them in a large bowl . You don't want them to cool down so timing is important.
Once you've got all your cauliflower fried and in the large bowl, pour the simmering sauce all over the cauliflower and toss them to coat them evenly. Serve them over rice.
